Create V Entry (#2170)
Codecademy/docs: content/general/concepts/software-development-life-cycle/terms/v-model/v-model.md

---

> Title: 'V-model'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Title: 'V Model'
```

Reviewer: We plan on changing the rest of the models to follow this title structure

> Description: 'A model of software development focused on the validation and verification of the product.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Focused on the validation and verification of the product.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Mobile Development'
  - 'Web Development'
Tags:
  - 'Development'
  - 'Models'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-how-to-code'
  - 'paths/full-stack-engineer-career-path'
---

> The **V model** is a Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) that is based on the [Waterfall model](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/software-development-life-cycle/waterfall) and emphasizes the verification and validation of the product. Each phase of this model is paired with a level of testing.

Reviewer: in the process of renaming this: https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/pull/2177
